PROGRAMMING LOGIC
Raphael Eloi


Question 1

A farmer lives on next to a river. 
One day, he crosses the river in a small boat and purchases a fox, a chicken, and a bag of seeds. 
When the farmer returns to his boat to cross the river again and go home, he realizes he has a problem.
The farmer can only take one item in his small boat at a time, otherwise he risks capsizing. 
He cannot leave the fox alone with the chicken, because the fox will eat the chicken. 
He cannot leave the chicken alone with the seeds, because the chicken with eat the seeds.
How does the farmer successfully get all three items across the river?

Answer: 

The farmer needs to leave the chicken first and come back to take the fox. Once he leaves the fox, he needs to take away
the chicken to the original side of the river, leaving the fox alone. Then, he leaves the chicken in the original place
and take the seeds with him to the other side of the river and leave it with the fox. Then the farmer will come back to 
take the chicken. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 2

You own a factory that labels and boxes apples and oranges for shipping. 
One day, the labeling machine malfunctions and incorrectly labels the containers of fruit.
Your coworker decides to play a game. 
He pulls up three crates and tells you that one of them has apples, one has oranges,and the last one has both apples and oranges in it. 
You can see that one is labeled "A" for apples, another "O" for oranges, and the third "A+O" for both apples and oranges. 
Your coworker reminds you that all three crates are incorrectly labeled.
You get to pick one crate, and your coworker will pull a fruit out of it and show you what it is. 
You get to do this only one time. 
How can you determine, without a doubt, which crate has apples, which one has oranges, and which one has both?

Answer:

To determine that I need to see what is in the box labelled as "A+O". Considering all labels are incorrect, if the box
is labelled as "A+O", it means that this box is full within only one type of fruit, because the other options are only 
"A" or only "O". Then the situation brings 2 possibilities:

1) If I find an apple in "A+O" box, it means that the box is only filled with apples. Considering the incorrect labelling,
the "O" box must have oranges and apples. Then, we conclude also that there is only oranges in the "A" box.

2) If I find an orange in "A+O" box, it means that the box is only filled with oranges. Considering the incorrect labelling,
the "A" box must have oranges and apples. Then, we conclude also that there is only apples in the "O" box.
