PROGRAMMING LOGIC


Question 1

A farmer lives on next to a river. 
One day, he crosses the river in a small boat and purchases a fox, a chicken, and a bag of seeds. 
When the farmer returns to his boat to cross the river again and go home, he realizes he has a problem.
The farmer can only take one item in his small boat at a time, otherwise he risks capsizing. 
He cannot leave the fox alone with the chicken, because the fox will eat the chicken. 
He cannot leave the chicken alone with the seeds, because the chicken with eat the seeds.
How does the farmer successfully get all three items across the river?


Considering "Side A" the one where the farmer is, and "Side B" the one where his house is, it should be done as follows:

Chicken from Side A to Side B, leaving both the fox and the seeds on Side A;
Go back to Side A with empty boat, leaving the chicken on Side B;
Fox from Side A to Side B, leaving the seeds on Side A;
The Chicken from Side B to Side A, leaving the fox alone on Side B;
The Seeds from Side A to Side B, leaving the Chicken alone on Side A;
Go back to side A with empty boat, leaving both the fox and the seeds on Side B;
The Chicken from Side A to Side B, finishing the job.



Question 2

You own a factory that labels and boxes apples and oranges for shipping. 
One day, the labeling machine malfunctions and incorrectly labels the containers of fruit.
Your coworker decides to play a game. 
He pulls up three crates and tells you that one of them has apples, one has oranges,and the last one has both apples and oranges in it. 
You can see that one is labeled "A" for apples, another "O" for oranges, and the third "A+O" for both apples and oranges. 
Your coworker reminds you that all three crates are incorrectly labeled.
You get to pick one crate, and your coworker will pull a fruit out of it and show you what it is. 
You get to do this only one time. 
How can you determine, without a doubt, which crate has apples, which one has oranges, and which one has both?


You choose the crate with the "A+O" label to pick a fruit. Suppose it is an Apple, then its label should be "A", because as all labels are wrong and this is the crate labeled "A+O", it can only be the crate "A".
Given this, there are two crates left: one with oranges, and onde with apples+oranges. And you have two labels left: O and A. Considering that all crates have the wrong label, the oranges crate will be labeled "A", and the mixed crate will be labeled "O".
The same process would work if you have picked an Orange instead of an Apple in the crate labeled "A+O".